wedding is the most important occasion
in any girl's life every bride wishes
that she had a dream team to help her
get the perfect wedding look this
wedding season BBB and luck may come
together as your Bridal dream team to
help you look like that perfect bride
today we're going to show you how you
can look like an earthy diva the valley
is a Maharashtrian bride who will be
wearing a traditional gold sari with a
beanie in her hair she's early
she's ethnic and she's close to her
roots she is an early diva Lakme
interprets this look with cold rimmed
eyes tone down makeup or the eyeshadow
and terracotta lips after all this is
our morning wedding gloss is the Beauty
statement for this Bridal season this
glass look is perfected with hydrating
care for skin and finished with high
shine makeup so let's start decoding the
slope step 1
hide the marks with the lack my absolute
face stylist concealer next it's
important to use a weightless foundation
in order to achieve a fresh and moist
look
choose the right shade of LACMA absolute
faith stylist foundation and blend it
well to correct any imperfections after
this seal the base using the lap may
absolute faith stylus compact eyes are
the focus of every Bridal look and
creating just the right amount of drama
is very critical use the lack nee
absolute color illusion shadow by
pressing the black pearl color gently
into the eyes you can also use the lack
may absolute gel addict eyeliner in
metallic bronze as a little bit of
eyeshadow to get the perfect Col rimmed
eyes define your eyes with loud may
absolute Kohl ultimate to complement it
use the lack may absolute gel addict
eyeliner in must have block next use the
lack may absolute flutter secrets Volume
Mascara it instantly opens up the eyes
to achieve a radiant glow apply the lack
may absolute face stylist blush duo in
pink blush along the apples of the cheek
glossy lips call for beautiful pictures
use the lack may absolute gloss
addiction lip color in very berry to get
glossy lips that stay all evening to
complete the gloss look apply the
burgundy bursts lip gloss
and voila the perfect the diva
for more such videos log on to the LACMA
studio of style on YouTube